Palestinian fishermen in Gaza are using
whatever they can to get out to sea this
old door is now a makeshift boat
necessity has forced them to use
whatever they have to continue
fishing in this war we have lost all of
our boats and fishing gear we are left
with nothing fisherman started to
improvise using very primitive methods
I'm even using this door as a raft to
float on the water and try to catch some
fish to feed our
children the fishermen say Israeli
forces routinely attack anyone who
Ventures beyond the
harbor but despite the danger they do
what needs to be
done when we go on our fishing routes as
soon as we leave the port the Israeli
Navy starts firing on us
indiscriminately all we ask for is to go
out to get some food and come back safe
to our children we want to have a
future very little Aid is getting into
Gaza that means finding food can be the
difference between life and death but
while hidden out to see has risks
there's no safety to be found on Shore
either danger is always present for
example only two days ago this is our
neighbor's shed they were sitting here
trying to mend their fishing nets when
an Israeli drone fired a rocket at them
here's the blood of the Fallen fisherman
he was sitting on this
chair at the end of the day a Mist catch
but enough to make the trip
worthwhile coming back alive is more
important than seeking more fish in
deeper
waters many Palestinians take their
chances on the sea although they can't
go far the Israeli military has made it
very impossible for gaz's fishermen to
enter their Waters and search the food
they desperately need they try to return
with at least some
fish yet most often it's barely enough
to feed themselves and their
families the situation is desperate but
that's forced people here to be
resourceful and even without pots the
fishermen of Gaza are still finding ways
to survive
ibraim Al KH Al jazer Port of Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer